### A dynamic modeling toolkit for SARS-CoV-2 surveillance, prediction, and resource capacity for institutes of higher education

###### Zichen Ma and Lior Rennert

This <a href="https://www.markdownguide.org" target="_blank">modeling toolkit</a> provides estimates of surveillance, prediction, and resource capacity for institutes of higher education. Output includes current and predicted number of detected infections, total infections, isolation/quarantine capacity, and baseline surveillance/epidemiological metrics. The modeling framework incorporates statistical models to estimate protection from vaccination and previous infection based on real-time data from Clemson University (updated weekly). Surveillance metrics are derived from current data (see Supplementary Material). Predictions are obtained from compartment-based models (CBM), which utilize results from the statistical models, surveillance metrics, and current literature as input parameters. Additional detail is provided in Supplementary Materials. We have adapted our framework for easy use by other institutions. Users must simply input the relevant size of each subpopulation. Users also have the option to input surveillance metrics and vaccination protection based on Clemson University data, CDC data, or manual entry. We are currently working on incorporate a feature into this modeling toolkit to allow users to upload their own institutional data files for more refined estimation and prediction. Additional features, including surveillance testing cadence, test turn-around time, isolation/quarantine protocols, and disease transmission parameters can be adjusted via the widgets. Additional detail is provided in the Tutorial. 
